Implemented `build.build-dir` config option (#15104)
rust-lang/cargo: src/doc/src/reference/unstable.md

artifact-dir = "out"
```

## build-dir
* Original Issue: [#14125](https://github.com/rust-lang/cargo/issues/14125)
* Tracking Issue: [#14125](https://github.com/rust-lang/cargo/issues/14125)

This feature allows you to specify the directory where intermediate build artifacts will be stored.
The final artifacts will also be contained in this directory but will be hardlinked into the artifact directory (usually `target`)

This can be specified in `.cargo/config.toml` files using the `build.build-dir`.

Example:

```toml
[build]
build-dir = "out"

> ```

Reviewer: Could you include documentation in this that mirrors what would be in https://doc.rust-lang.org/cargo/reference/config.html

artifact-dir = "out"
```

## build-dir
* Original Issue: [#14125](https://github.com/rust-lang/cargo/issues/14125)

> * Tracking Issue: None
> 
> The directory where intermediate build artifacts will be stored.
> Intermediate artifacts are produced by Rustc/Cargo during the build process.
> 
> * Type: string (path)
> * Default: Defaults to the value of `build.target-dir`
> * Environment: `CARGO_BUILD_BUILD_DIR` or `CARGO_BUILD_DIR`
> 
> 
> This can be specified in `.cargo/config.toml` files using the `build.build-dir`.
> 
> Example:
> 
> ```toml
> [build]
> build-dir = "out"
> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
* Tracking Issue: [#14125](https://github.com/rust-lang/cargo/issues/14125)

The directory where intermediate build artifacts will be stored.
Intermediate artifacts are produced by Rustc/Cargo during the build process.

```toml
[build]
build-dir = "out"
```

### `build.build-dir`

* Type: string (path)
* Default: Defaults to the value of `build.target-dir`
* Environment: `CARGO_BUILD_BUILD_DIR` or `CARGO_BUILD_DIR`

The path to where internal files used as part of the build are placed.

````
